Question: What is the topic of ICS-270A Notes 7?
Answer: a) Knowledge representation in AI
Options:
a) Knowledge representation in AI
b) Natural language processing
c) Machine learning algorithms
d) Computer vision techniques

Question: What is the purpose of representing knowledge using logic?
Answer: c) To enable the agent to reason logically
Options:
a) To make the agent more intelligent
b) To make the agent more efficient
c) To enable the agent to reason logically
d) To enable the agent to learn from experience

Question: What is the definition of knowledge base in knowledge representation?
Answer: b) The agent's knowledge of the state of the world
Options:
a) The state of the world
b) The agent's knowledge of the state of the world
c) The explicit specification of what the agent knows
d) The constraints on feature values

Question: What are the components of knowledge representation?
Answer: d) All of the above
Options:
a) Syntax and semantics
b) Assertions and conclusions
c) Facts and inference
d) All of the above

Question: What are the constraints on the world that can be written in logic?
Answer: b) Laws and negative information
Options:
a) Feature values
b) Laws and negative information
c) Robot features
d) Inference rules

Question: What is the example used to illustrate reasoning in logic?
Answer: a) The party example
Options:
a) The party example
b) The lifting robot example
c) The block A example
d) The agent knowledge of state example

Question: What is knowledge representation?
Answer: b) The process of defining syntax and semantics
Options:
a) The process of generating new sentences
b) The process of defining syntax and semantics
c) The process of verifying entailment
d) The process of creating sound inferences

Question: What is entailment?
Answer: c) The process of verifying entailment
Options:
a) The process of generating new sentences
b) The process of defining syntax and semantics
c) The process of verifying entailment
d) The process of creating sound inferences

Question: What is sound inference?
Answer: d) The process of creating sound inferences
Options:
a) The process of generating new sentences
b) The process of defining syntax and semantics
c) The process of verifying entailment
d) The process of creating sound inferences

Question: What is completeness?
Answer: a) An inference that can prove everything that is true
Options:
a) An inference that can prove everything that is true
b) An inference that can prove only what is true
c) An inference that can prove everything that is false
d) An inference that can prove only what is false

Question: What is the main approach used in AI for representation language?
Answer: c) Logic-based languages
Options:
a) Natural languages
b) Programming languages
c) Logic-based languages
d) Both natural and programming languages

Question: What is the alphabet used in propositional logic?
Answer: a) {true, false, P, Q}
Options:
a) {true, false, P, Q}
b) {A, B, C, D}
c) {1, 2, 3, 4}
d) {P, Q, R, S}

Question: What is the meaning of a sentence in propositional logic derived from?
Answer: a) Its parts as defined by truth-tables
Options:
a) Its parts as defined by truth-tables
b) Its length and complexity
c) Its position in the knowledge base
d) Its relation to natural language

Question: What is a model in propositional logic?
Answer: a) An interpretation that satisfies a wff
Options:
a) An interpretation that satisfies a wff
b) An interpretation that does not satisfy a wff
c) An interpretation that is ambiguous
d) An interpretation that is incomplete

Question: What is the method to determine the satisfiability of a wff?
Answer: b) Truth-table
Options:
a) Resolution
b) Truth-table
c) Inference rule
d) Equivalence

Question: What happens if a wff is unsatisfiable or inconsistent?
Answer: a) It has no models
Options:
a) It has no models
b) It has multiple models
c) It has one model
d) It has infinite models

Question: What is the definition of a valid wff?
Answer: b) It is true in all interpretations
Options:
a) It is true in some interpretations
b) It is true in all interpretations
c) It is false in some interpretations
d) It is false in all interpretations

Question: What is the definition of equivalent wffs?
Answer: b) They have the same models
Options:
a) They have different models
b) They have the same models
c) They have no models
d) They have infinite models

Question: Which law states that ~(P ∧ Q) ≡ ~P ∨ ~Q and ~(P ∨ Q) ≡ ~P ∧ ~Q?
Answer: c) DeMorgan's law
Options:
a) Associative law
b) Distributive law
c) DeMorgan's law
d) Commutative law

Question: What is the definition of logical entailment?
Answer: c) Truth in all interpretations
Options:
a) Truth in the world
b) Truth in some interpretations
c) Truth in all interpretations
d) Truth in no interpretations

Question: What is the definition of a sound inference rule?
Answer: a) The conclusion is true whenever the premises are true
Options:
a) The conclusion is true whenever the premises are true
b) The conclusion is false whenever the premises are true
c) The conclusion is true whenever the premises are false
d) The conclusion is false whenever the premises are false

Question: Which inference rule is sound?
Answer: a) Modus ponens
Options:
a) Modus ponens
b) Modus tollens
c) Hypothetical syllogism
d) Disjunctive syllogism

Question: What is the definition of a proof?
Answer: a) A sequence of inference rules generating the desired conclusion from the KB
Options:
a) A sequence of inference rules generating the desired conclusion from the KB
b) A sequence of inference rules generating the desired premise from the KB
c) A sequence of inference rules generating the desired conclusion from the alpha
d) A sequence of inference rules generating the desired premise from the alpha

Question: What is the definition of a complete inference rule?
Answer: a) It can be used to prove anything that is true
Options:
a) It can be used to prove anything that is true
b) It can be used to prove anything that is false
c) It can be used to prove anything that is neither true nor false
d) It can be used to prove anything that is unknown

Question: Is Modus Ponens a complete inference rule?
Answer: b) No
Options:
a) Yes
b) No

Question: Can we prove A by resolution?
Answer: a) Yes
Options:
a) Yes
b) No

Question: What is linear input?
Answer: b) A resolution when one member is in the input clauses
Options:
a) A set of support strategy
b) A resolution when one member is in the input clauses
c) Refutation complete
d) None of the above

Question: What is the complexity of propositional inference?
Answer: b) Exponential
Options:
a) Polynomial
b) Exponential
c) Linear
d) Quadratic

Question: What is the meaning of monotonic in propositional logic?
Answer: a) If you can entail alpha from knowledge base KB and if you add sentences to KB, you can infer alpha from the extended knowledge base as well.
Options:
a) If you can entail alpha from knowledge base KB and if you add sentences to KB, you can infer alpha from the extended knowledge base as well.
b) Inference is local
c) Satisfiability is NP-complete
d) None of the above

Question: What is the tractable class of Horn, 2-SAT?
Answer: c) Solved by modus ponens or “unit resolution”
Options:
a) Q < -- P1, P2, ..., Pn
b) Pi is an atom in the language, Q can be false
c) Solved by modus ponens or “unit resolution”
d) None of the above